v8 pre-alpha (#2)
NeotokyoRebuild/NeotokyoRebuild.github.io: src/blog/2024-09-14/index.md

round, then team damage/kills goes on as normal. The new convars for these settings are as follows:

* `neo_sv_mirror_teamdamage_multiplier` - Default: 2, 0 to disable
* `neo_sv_mirror_teamdamage_duration` - Default: 7, 0 for the entire round
* `neo_sv_mirror_teamdamage_immunity` - Default: 1, 0 for no immunity from team damage

### Kick on team kill/damage accumulation
Another feature is the automatic kick on accumulation of team kills or damage. This is disabled by default but if
turned on, it defaults to 600hp and 6 kills as a minimum threshold for kicking the player off the server. this
accumulation is kept throughout a match/map and resets on the next match/map. The new convars for these settings are as follows:

* `neo_sv_teamdamage_kick` - Default 0, 1 to enable kick based on team damages per match
* `neo_sv_teamdamage_kick_hp` - Default 600 - Threshold to kick HP team damages per match
* `neo_sv_teamdamage_kick_kills` - Default 6 - Threshold to kick team kills per match

## General Fixes
Multiple fixes went in, just a quick rundown:

* SourceTV maxplayers fixed

>     * Server should no longer report 33 max players for a 32 player server. This was due to the SourceTV bot being added during server startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Server should no longer report 33 max players for a 32 player server. This was due to the SourceTV bot being added during server startup
```

Reviewer: Just for consistency

* Removed dismemberment thresholds
* Corrected HUD damage indicators
* Ghosts/capzones fixes
    * Fixed ghost capzone size to match OG:NT
    * Ghost can now be picked up using the use key
* Grenade drawback fixed
* Initial player spawn t-posing fixed
* Ghost HUD visuals corrected

>     * When the ghost carrier is moving, the ghost indicator on player's HUD will no longer be laggy/jittery and stay with the carrier more accurately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * When the ghost carrier is moving, the ghost indicator on player's HUD will no longer be laggy/jittery and stay with the carrier more accurately
```

title: Pre-Alpha v8.0 Release Note
summary: Release note for Neotokyo; Rebuild Pre-Alpha v8.0
author: nullsystem

# Pre-Alpha v8.0 Release Note
2024-09-14 nullsystem

* [Builds download + changelog](https://github.com/NeotokyoRebuild/neo/releases/tag/v8.0-prealpha)

## Highlights

### Weapon spread and recoil

> Spread and recoil changes are now in-place and is parity/close to to OG:NT. There is now a difference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spread and recoil changes are now in-place to match OG:NT. There is now a difference
```

> between hip fire and ADS, giving a more tighter spread for ADS.

Reviewer 2: > Spread and recoil changes are now in place and are parity/close to OG:NT. There is now a difference between hip fire and ADS, giving a tighter spread for ADS.

### New main menu

> The main menu got an entire overhaul replacing the standard Source main menu with a custom replacement. The settings,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main menu has received an entire overhaul, replacing the standard Sourcemod main menu with custom fonts, buttons and so-forth. The settings,
```

> server browser, new games, popups, and player lists got replaced. The work on the UI is currently on-going and while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server browser, listen server creator, popups, and player lists have been updated with new and work-in-progress elements. The design of these elements are not final, and while
```

the server browser is missing some extras, it is usable enough to replace the old UIs currently. However, the "legacy"

> windows can be accessed in the server browser and settings by the "legacy" button on the bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
windows can be accessed in the server browser and settings using the "legacy" button on the bottom.
```

Here's a screenshot of the settings page:

[![Options menu with the new overhaul GUI](neoimgui.png_thumb.png)](neoimgui.png)

> For the rest, load up NT;RE Pre-Alpha v8.0 and see for yourselves.

Reviewer: Erm, they wanna know what else is new..? Maybe just remove this entirely imo cuz it doesn't make sense.

## New features

### Old Squad HUD

> You can now switch to the OG:NT-style squad/round HUD by using the convar: `neo_cl_squad_hud_original = 1`. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now switch to the OG:NT-style squad/round HUD by using the convar: `neo_cl_squad_hud_original 1`. The 
```

squad stars scaling can be tweaking using `neo_cl_squad_hud_star_scale`, using `1` to scale from 1080p.

### Mirror team damage

> Mirror team damage feature is now in with multiple server-side convars to tweak it. By default this is turned on with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mirror team damage server commands are now available, and can be tweak at the server operator's discretion. By default this is enabled with
```

Author: I found it a bit weird to call it server commands rather than feature even if it's tweaked as one.

> a 2x multiplier, 7 seconds duration, and immunity for the victim players. The duration is only from the start of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a 2x multiplier, 7 seconds duration, and immunity for the victim players. The duration is only from the start of a
```

> round, after that team damage/kills goes on as normal. New convars to tweak the settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
round, then team damage/kills goes on as normal. The new convars for these settings are as follows:
```

* `neo_sv_mirror_teamdamage_multiplier` - Default: 2, 0 to disable
* `neo_sv_mirror_teamdamage_duration` - Default: 7, 0 for the entire round
* `neo_sv_mirror_teamdamage_immunity` - Default: 1, 0 for no immunity from team damage

### Kick on team kill/damage accumulation

> Another feature is the automatic kick on accumulation of team kills or damages. This is disabled by default but if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another feature is the automatic kick on accumulation of team kills or damage. This is disabled by default but if
```

turned on, defaults to 600hp and 6 kills as a minimum threshold for kicking the player off the server. This

> accumulation is kept throughout a match/map and resets on the next match/map. New convars to tweak the settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accumulation is kept throughout a match/map and resets on the next match/map. The new convars for these settings are as follows:
```

> accumulation is kept throughout a match/map and resets on the next match/map. New convars to tweak the settings:

Reviewer 2: > Another feature is the automatic kick on accumulation of team kills or damages. This is disabled by default but if turned on, it defaults to 600hp and 6 kills as a minimum threshold for kicking the player off the server. This accumulation is kept throughout a match/map and resets on the next match/map. New convars to tweak the settings:

> * `neo_sv_teamdamage_kick` - Default 0, 1 to eanble kick based on team damages per match

Reviewer 2: typo: eanble -> enable

* `neo_sv_teamdamage_kick_hp` - Default 600 - Threshold to kick HP team damages per match
* `neo_sv_teamdamage_kick_kills` - Default 6 - Threshold to kick team kills per match

## Fixes

> Multiple fixes went in, just a quick rundown:

Reviewer: Personally, I prefer a title, then getting right into it without additional text. But this is just my opinion.

> * SourceTV maxplayers fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SourceTV maxplayers fixed.
```

>     * Should no longer have 33 players slot intended for 32 players due to SourceTV bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Server should no longer report 33 max players for a 32 player server. This was due to the SourceTV bot being added during server startup.
```

> * Remove dismember thresholds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed dismemberment thresholds.
```

> * Correct HUD damage indicators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrected HUD damage indicators.
```

> * Ghosts/capzones fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ghosts/capzones fixed.
```

>     * Fix ghost capzone capping size to match OG:NT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fixed ghost capzone size to match OG:NT.
```

>     * Ghost can now be picked up using the use key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Ghost can now be picked up using the use key.
```

> * Grenade drawback fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Grenade drawback fixed.
```

> * Initial spawn T-Posing fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Initial player spawn a-posing fixed.
```

Author: It's t-posing though

> * Smoother ghost HUD visual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ghost HUD visuals corrected.
```

>     * When the ghost is moving, the HUD ghost indicator will no longer be laggy/gittery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * When the ghost carrier is moving, the ghost indicator on player's HUD will no longer be laggy/gittery and stay with the carrier more accurately.
```

>     * When the ghost is moving, the HUD ghost indicator will no longer be laggy/gittery

Reviewer 2: gittery -> jittery

> * Underwater Fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Various underwater behavior fixes.
```

>     * No longer drain the AUX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Players no longer drain AUX power while underwater.
```

>     * Drowning behavior now varies by class similar to OG:NT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Drowning behavior now varies by class, similar to OG:NT.
```

## Infrastructure

> The old VPC build system and source code that are unused has now been removed. CMake is the only build system in-place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old VPC build system and source code that has gone unused has officially been removed. CMake is the only build system in-place to compile the codebase.
```

> and used now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
